.. index:: Release notes; 2.2

.. _releases-2.2:

=============================================
PortableApps.com Launcher 2.2 release notes
=============================================

This release improves the runtime state saving mechanism which was introduced
in version 2.1, to improve stability and decrease the probability of portable
apps getting stuck in a non-functional state which could occasionally happen.
No new features have been added and there will be no apparent changes to normal
portable app developers.

New features
============

:env:`PAL:PortableAppsBaseDir` and ``$PortableAppsBaseDirectory``
-----------------------------------------------------------------

A new directory environment variable pair,
``PAL:LastPortableAppsBaseDirectory`` and ``PAL:PortableAppsBaseDirectory``,
has been added.  It will allow to replace the path to all the PortableApps.com-
related directories in a single shot.

Changes
=======

Mutex-based starting/stopping checks
------------------------------------

The starting/stopping checks introduced in 2.1 were switched from using the
RuntimeData INI file to using mutexes. This change allows system-wide blocking
of apps in those phases, where the current method works installation-wide,
i.e. it will not work if you run the same app from different directories.

Running from Program Files is now forbidden
-------------------------------------------

In former times portable apps would not always complain if they were run from
the system's Program Files directory, leading to quite a few support requests
over time where people had installed their portable apps to Program Files, not
realising that this wasn't supported and didn't work properly, wondering why it
wasn't working properly. This situation has now been remedied, and the
PortableApps.com Launcher will now forbid execution from the Program Files
directory (in line with a change in the PortableApps.com Installer forbidding
installation into this directory).
